Identation fix (#395)
foundriesio/docs: source/tutorials/working-with-tags/creating-targets.rst

.. note::

>   Because your device is now following ``tutorial``, it shouldn't receive updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Because your device is now following ``tutorial``, it should not receive updates.
```
